VPC gVisor flag changelog (#396)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-09.mdx

  height='450px'
></iframe>

## VPC Disable gVisor Option for Code Execution

_September 3rd, 2024_

> You can now disable gVisor sandboxing for code execution in your self hosted environment to significantly improve performance.
> gVisor is needed for secure sandboxing in our Managed SASS platform but in a self hosted environment where you are the only organization
> it is not strictly required if you trust your co-workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VPC customers of Vellum can now disable gVisor sandboxing for code execution in self-hosted environments to significantly improve the performance Code Nodes in Workflows.
gVisor is needed for secure sandboxing in our Managed SASS platform, but in a self hosted environment where you're the only organization,
it's not strictly required if you trust that users within your org won't run malicious code.
```
